[Applause]
we have so so much to go through tonight
starting with today's episode of Law &
Border Trumpy you the President of the
United States flew to McAllen Texas
today to make his presence felt at the
Mexican border he was joined by acting
chief of staff Mick Mulvaney homeland
security secretary Kirsten Nielsen and
his the puppet he brought to life Jared
Kushner his son-in-law he's threatening
to declare a national emergency if he
doesn't get the money for for his wall
the Democrats say that this is a crisis
manufactured by the president the
president that's not true
I only manufacture things in China I
would never do that here before jetting
to Texas he took time to yell at
reporters gathered on his lawn
explaining the only way to secure our
border is with a wall the only way
you're gonna have border security
there's only one way you can have all
the technology in the world I'm a
professional at technology that's right
when it comes to technology no one knows
more than the guy who but dials Lou
Dobbs from his jitterbug phone I like
what he's wearing to the Y hey you know
he means business when he puts on his
divorce dad going to a boat show outfit
Trump got into he said they said with
the Democrats today after he stormed out
of the meeting yesterday with Chuck
Schumer or Nancy Pelosi Schumer called
claimed Trump threw a temper tantrum so
Trump lashed back he called him crying
Chuck because nothing says I didn't
throw a temper tantrum like throwing
another temper tantrum but the president
said he does not have temper tantrums
can you imagine
any other president in history at
denying he has temper tantrums Donald
Trump puts the tan in tantrum that's how
Trump also lashed out at the media for
their account of his meeting yesterday
the news incorrectly reported because I
said well if we go back and everything's
peachy dory and you say oh wait a minute
peachy dory that's it's like hunky keen
peachy dory of course is the new movie
from Pixar it comes out later this year
PG dory would be a great celebrity baby
name you know peachy peachy Dory Paltrow
or something like that and not only is
the president coming up with catchy new
phrases he's back to doing some of his
greatest hits
remember that Caravan a few months ago
that made its way up from Central
America and killed everyone in Arizona
isn't that what happened well guess what
we better build this wall fast cuz
there's another caravan on the way by
the way here's the story
there is another made you Caravan
forming right now in Honduras and so far
we're trying to break it up but so far
it's bigger than anything we've seen
right it's the new 2019 Dodge Caravan
with more interior cargo space than ever
before you think he even knows where
Honduras is I mean how about this will
pay for the wall if you can find
Honduras on a map Karen
Trump uses these caravans to scare his
supporters the same way parents use the
Elf on a shelf to scare their kids
lately Trump's been promoting the idea
of a wall he started with concrete and
then I guess in the spirit of compromise
said okay we'll make it out of steel
slats but the Department of Homeland
Security did a test on a prototype and
they found that the slats can easily be
cut with a saw so unless you have $80 in
access to a Home Depot you are not
getting in this country
maybe this was his plan all along build
the wall and then sell Trump ran
circular saws to the Mexicans while
while he was in Texas the president
called a border security roundtable
where he treated the officials gathered
there to a lesson on the history of the
wheel they say a wall has been evil well
so is a wheel a wheel is older than a
wall and I looked at every single car
out there even the really expensive ones
that the Secret Service uses and believe
me they are expensive I said do they all
have wheels yes I thought it was
medieval the wheel is older than the
wall you know that and there are some
things that work you know what a wheel
works at a wall works
nothing like a wall
[Applause]
and by the way wolves are definitely
older than wheels we had sailboats
before we had wheels but let's not let
facts get in the way of a perfectly good
presidency if you liked that video click
Subscribe and we'll be together until
one of us dies